it is harder especially for for most
companies but definitely SAS companies
but it goes because people just bought
right people just called you hey I've
like a hundred I think next year we're
going to double so I'm going to buy a
couple hundred seeds and you bought it
you didn't have to be good I think we're
like pretty good like in our people but
not necessarily the most didn't have
like the rigger or put the leg work or
thank you so much for coming this was
great there's a bunch of things I want
to talk about it we're so lucky to have
you here here the theme from the opening
session we talked about what's
challenging what isn't Salesforce had a
slightly rough quarter I want to hear
your thoughts but before we go I want to
go partially back in time I was reading
on the internet your series a press
release yes gong raises six M 6 million
in series a a big series a in 2016 to
use artificial intelligence and machine
learning to help sales teams context did
you envision where in this crazy the AI
World we're in today what did how did
the vision back then so early right my
jaw dropped when I started thinking
about it was like
2015 and the stupid idea was like that
was the year where Google AI beat the
world champion in chess oh like easily
humiliated them right and and AI was
starting to diagnosed cancer better than
the do doctor so I said like how hard
would it be to understand customers
better than salespeople right that was
the idea said that they're spending most
of the time on drudgery that they hate
and we still don't know as lader what is
going on so the idea was an autonomous
customer management system that uh
automatically captures customer
conversation uses AI to understand what
is going on and turns the inside in
action believe it or not we struggled to
raise money because people didn't
believe in the idea that AI is going to
be big one day no I believe it I
remember in the early days of when back
in the days when we were acquired by a
Doby one of our guys Sam blonde who then
became CR of brex they gave us 20 reps
we weren't allowed to hire own reps who
never learned the product never do
anything and he said to me Jason I'm
banging my head against the desk is
they're saying the stupidest things I
need to way to listen to their calls and
then when gong came out everyone who
went through that experience who had to
manage some mediocre reps it was just
the biggest game changer right so what
so that was the original Vision to
automate this stuff is for bread and
butter sass people is the whole
generative element has it changed things
how does it changed things from the gong
perspective yes we always felt that AI
was was going to change the world yeah
but we always had to work with the
limitations and possibilities of
Technology as Founders I'll tell you
don't build something that might work in
5 years you always need to say what
works today yeah when we started we
understood what's the what are the
capabilities of speech technology
and and text technology we didn't know
exactly when generative AI will be
successful even to the extent that was
that was that's a positive surprise but
it is good and it's capable and
definitely helps us fulfill much of the
the vision and and it's getting better
every day so let's we're going to jump
right in time but one of the things a
lot of we're all thinking about in two
years or
so what does the AI enhanced sales
executive look like how is it from your
perspective in the trenches no Sony no
baloney but so close to it what does
sales look like in two years with AI
yeah so first no drudgery rep spend
about 75% of their time on non-selling
time if you measure the hours that their
customer facing yes 25% sometimes even
less sometimes we see two hours a week
right the rest is spent
on filling in forms oneon-one meeting
forecast call shifting through leaks all
of that much of that will ideally all of
this goes away but if not then even if
we cut half that's huge the second I
think is blending of roll uh there will
be no more sdrs csms AES bdr xdr all of
these uh I see them converging into one
role essentially as SAS companies the
last 20 years went hypers specialized
where they're very specific roles
everybody has their own unique thing
which has its advantages first it's easy
to train people on a small sliver of
their job and it gives
Focus but it also creates a not so great
customer experience where they're being
like handed over from one person to
another it creates inefficiencies in the
company because it's hard to align the
capacities of one group versus the other
but if you arm people with AI that can
do a lot of the things right if you take
a black cab here in London right it
takes four years to get trained or
something right it's insanely hard to do
that right but you give someone iPhone
right and all of a sudden they're a texi
driver like overnight they don't need to
know all these things so imagine if you
equip like every customer facing person
with the capabilities how to do
prospecting how to do proper Discovery
how to manage customer success I don't
if it's going to converge to one roll
but there'll be fewer which is a good
thing for customers and for for
companies so just to unpack that a
little bit on the life cycle of sales
the classic SDR and bdr do you think AI
will fully replace a lot of the humans
in that role I'm 99% convinced that's
what we're talking about but again
nobody's it's not that people are going
to lose their they going to be
unemployed but they will be able to do
as a function right those of you who've
been like out there long enough there
are no like bdrs right years ago right
correct firm well it's a new thing and
it's mostly with tech companies most
companies don't have it it's the sales
people are doing everything that's going
to become easier and just like you have
like bdrs it they move to account
Executives right after a year or two or
whatever that that's just going to be
faster yeah and then L replacing the CSM
post
sales I have a lot of thoughts on that
but you think that the sales executive
is going to be able to manage the whole
life cycle of the customer with a with
AI they'll actually be able to follow up
the request deal with onboarding issues
deployment issues and all of that a lot
of companies are are moving to that
direction got just you especially with
the uh kind of challenging climate for a
lot of the technology companies that it
creates like a better customer
experience it's
not uh this fragmentation is hyper
optimized for hyper growth which is not
happening right now now you can create
like better relationship and maintain
the customer so there is a benefit it's
the same person that sold actually stays
around to deliver and make sure that
you're seeing and it also gives an
opportunity to sell more and do you
think the big I think the big Trend in
AI really is a lot of it's driven around
efficiency will if you see the AE being
able to become full stack or become full
stack again can we get away with less
sales professionals permanently will it
be we haven't actually seen a lot of
this happen in software have we we think
we could have less engineers and
salespeople but it hasn't happened yet
will will it happen with AI will a a a
sales rep be able to handle a $2 million
quota 4 million 10 million
yes because there there with AI we need
to think about if we zoom out this is
the biggest Revolution that happens to
humanity like in in all history it's
just the first was the agriculture
Revolution we learned to produce foods
which change not just the technology how
to grow grain or livestock but built
like Empire civilization cities then it
was the right here in England started
the Industrial Revolution when there to
manufacture Goods which brought to
globalization urbanization all those
things now we're learning to
manufacture things in our brain ideas
solutions that they'll grow the GDP like
by magnitude of order so this is the
potential so we're not I I don't worry
about the jobs I'm sure that there will
be more jobs and we'll give people more
things we can predict exactly what it's
going to be there are jobs that exist
today that no one could have envisioned
like 20 years ago for sure but there
will be other things is there anything
that you think obviously you're a bowl
from the beginning but is there anything
you think we're too optimistic on in the
near- term in the next 24 to 36 months
that we think AI can do that it's not
going to do that we're too bullish yes
uh of course
uh first we don't know exactly the uh uh
this is evolving at mindblowing speed
like every week there are like new devel
developments of the
technology uh that are significant not
like small iteration substantial each
one is like more promising than the
other uh so it's hard exactly to predict
but we need to AI is not 100 100%
reliable everybody loves talk about like
hallucinations or accuracy which is a
real thing a lot of talk about agents
right now that still don't work despite
all the thing I think that they will but
don't work the autonomous not not quite
yet but
we need to look at a things that is
actually that an 80% accurate job is is
incredible right I wouldn't put it like
for things that are mission critical
that have to be 100% like like a Mars
mission right but there are so many
things that if it works like it's way
better than than anything out there
actually the one thing most people don't
understand is actually it's not very
smart it's if you've read kind of the
book like system one thinking system two
thinking right so this is like AI Genera
system one thinking right it's not it
doesn't reason it doesn't understand
what he's telling you just get the piece
of text and generate another it happens
to have like incredible accuracy but it
doesn't reason it doesn't understand it
can't plan it's not a Panacea to
everything yet got and one related
question from what you're seeing in the
field for your bigger customers when
you're talking with cios and stuff what
are their expectations for AI today and
how close is that to what we can deliver
I what I do see in the support space I
think is the furthest along utterly
changed it but I also see a lot of
vendors having over promised right so
what are you seeing there with what they
asking for and what were able to deliver
is there a Delta and what do you see
it's incredible it's incredible and I I
come to think about you mentioned we
started by talking about the AI
Revolution but actually was like a
second or a third degree level message
in our marketing we didn't want to talk
about AI because we scared the hell out
of people we sell the business
we don't want to sound like too science
fiction now we have customers are
calling us my CIO got CEO got asking an
earning call what are I'm going to do
with AI to increase productivity right
yeah so the co get me some AI thing
right do you have some AI gong right
yeah we have some here's two here's our
series a press relase people don't know
exactly what it is but they use GPT they
get pressure from the market so they see
the potential they don't and they look
for for opportunities but specifically
the areas where at least in our world
there there are areas in healthcare
there's like in support but uh
definitely sales productivity prediction
with AI forecasting now especially in
these times very hard and and scaling
the team that that's a challenge that we
see quite common those in the bigger
customers in the Enterprise when they're
saying let's get some efficiency or some
from a is there such thing as an AI
budget today or is it repurpose budget
what are you seeing in the front lines
is and if there is an AI budget how big
is it really at customers some of them
have the CIO so we at gong sell mostly
to the sales function so they have their
own budget it comes from existing budget
but cios also have budget to the large
Enterprises to try different project and
see what they can do sometimes they're
like fishing Expedition they going
around and talking to 20 companies and
they see okay like let's see what can
help our business with AI so it is real
and there there is an opportunity for a
lot of companies and is there just cuz
it's such it is confusing where these
budgets are coming from so even though
even in your bigger deals I'm sure the
CIO has to approve it right in a way and
the CFO the way they didn't have to
maybe a few years ago but are you still
coming from the same revops Revenue C
budget are you stealing from any AI
budget does that if you are is it minor
or is it
impactful the thing is we don't even
think about we use AI technology we
don't think about ourself like as an AI
company we're a a revenue AI company so
our goal is to increase revenue and
improve sales productivity and that's
for the budget so you have to show
outcom especially these days it's not
easy to sell anything right those days
are gone so you have to show here's the
problem that we're looking to solve
right here's what it means to your
business here's why and here's what it's
going to cost and you could do that with
AI right which resonate now people
believe that it can work but it's still
the same thing and there are a lot of
tools out there right now now in almost
every category with the rich funding
there are a lot of companies many of
them are good but some aren't as
resilient and people say okay let me
show the things that are people are
actually using and can make an impact
and they move budget from one solution
to another they try to consolidate a
number of solutions together if they're
not Mission critical so that's where the
budget is coming from but the it budget
is kind of like the same got it so
you're not it doesn't sound like in any
way are you either cynically or
optimistically jumping more on the IIA
bandwagon even with your street credit
you're not trying to attach to this wave
more than you did 18 to 24 months ago
you have you you can't sell hype you
have to sell like real business value
right that's the long-term thing even
though it's hype right now and we're we
think humbly we're like at least as AI
as other companies but you always like
solving like a real real problem for
customers there is an
opportunity
that AI would be way bigger and Cloud
right I think we talk about the humanity
Revolution but let's look like
enterprise software there are like three
generation the first was the onr
Enterprise like seble people soft
Oracle then came the cloud right
application Salesforce workday DHR
apps but that was an IT Revolution Cloud
was an it when they said no software it
was like for the IT people there's
nothing to install there's no
infrastructure that's true and we move
to revenue but it budget is like 5 6%
right the third wave is autonomous
application with AI That's going to
dwarf everything that it's going to be
like a much bigger than Cloud because it
touches into payroll right it comes from
a different budget we're not quite there
right but think about if you go to a
team and say I can do
70% of what your team is doing right now
automatically the fraction of the cost
now you're taking like 70% or or half of
that 35% of payroll that's like a
BP right with AI That's like a much
bigger value potential for AI that'll be
bigger than anything that we've seen in
Cloud but implicit in that and then I
want to come back to the present there
isn't that headcount reduction isn't
that where you get that that access at
70% it's doing it's get it's doing away
with 200 a th000 2,000 people that do
Road or mechanical work isn't it yes we
pay people like six figure salaries to
do mechanical work but people their
roles like punching CS or filling
expense reports and I don't think
anybody should be filling in forms in a
system whether it's like after a job
interview or a customer call and all of
that it's not why we pay people and I
think like in now I could just say hey
it was like a good conversation and the
AI kind of understand what's going on
and the world is moving towards
application are like a a fly on the wall
that understand what's going on and
actually act on your behalf and remove
the drudgery so that's like a way bigger
potential than we everything we've seen
with Cloud
applications let's talk to the president
when we did our opener today we looked
at some folks that were crushing it some
canvas and toast and others that are
more to the end consumers a clavio
marketing but for and then we did a
little bit of a slide of our private of
Salesforce and uip path which had
a rough week right and but you may be 6
months or eight months ahead of those
earnings which look back so tell them
tell us from the ground what are you
seeing classic B2B sales last year
versus right now in summer of 2024 what
do you what's the pulse on the
street we're actually seeing was very
challenging to most companies but it
also B like a I think a well- needed
Moment of clarity to focus on the things
that matter and for companies an
opportunity to get better wake up it's
not used to be like very easy to sell
now it's hard which forces you to be
like really good right when you go to
the gym the harder you work the more
pain and anger the stronger you become
that's how you build a muscle but now
we're starting we monitor how many
upgrades and expansion we're seeing and
how many versus downgrades and all of
that so we're seeing a positive trend
not
2021 like right after covid growth but
definitely growth we're seeing in a in a
very positive and quite a few companies
are doing well and is it was last year
just the maximum energy inter
rationalization budgets and cuts and
folks are through that rationalization
and now they have to get back to growth
is that what's driving it yes I think
companies have like overspent and
overbought like in 2021 and maybe
overcut and underspent in uh the
following year and now they're
rationalizing it's more rationalized
it's not okay let's like nobody's
doubling like a very few companies are
doubling year over year that's triple
double what there that's
like the median growth spe for you get
from public companies like 20% that's
decent yeah very few companies are over
20% year-over-year but companies are
growing they're out of the shock and the
better companies that are working and
are getting funded and are back to
moderate growth but and so just just
because it's really helpful to learn
that the you know canv accelerating at
40% at 2.3 billion on the one end but
Salesforce said next year single-digit
growth which to me it's I know
it's to me it's almost like gong which
is that it's beloved would never let it
go never rip it out they said they're
going from 35 I think to 17 or 14%
growth in the year M right and U
uipath are they're more pessimistic
about the moment and time in next year
than what you're seeing where's the
disconnect you think is it just that
you're G's big is it just being earlier
or what is it they're at a bigger scale
it's hard there are a lot of things
happening in in the world right now
there's elections in a number of places
like geopolitics there's economy would
like mix signal so it's hard and you
know some public companies have to be
more cautious in their Outlook so it's
hard to tell plus someone's like a 25
billion right it's really hard to drive
that over 10% growth it's 2 and a half
billion right it's like how many it's
only another 500 million yes so walk in
and park so it is getting harder maybe
it has to do with some kind of like
Market saturation or a maturity if there
is no innovation right and you don't
have you've maxed out your existing Tam
or Sam you'll start slowing down you
need to think about next move and and
going on some of these companies grew by
Acquisitions right that that drives
immediate growth but then whatever you
buy also has to grow in 20% right if
they don't then if you buy a company
that kind of slow down that actually the
weighted average is slows you down yeah
it's one thing sales for tableau slack
and everything are still growing faster
than the core which ended up I think
being good buys so let's I want to talk
about a topic that it's on a lot of
folks especially professionals Minds
which is Convergence and apps you've got
a whole enablement platform it's grown
talk a little bit about the journey from
expanding from cor gong like in the old
days right Standalone app that everyone
listens to their reps to where you are
today and like what you've learned about
when different segments of the industry
overlap and converge what have you
learned on all this
convergence we our our vision has been
all along to build like a platform of
course I think many people do we're not
the only one we started by understanding
what is it can we do today but where can
it grow we didn't know exactly the
details but I still design for season
like a prediction and engagement and
enablement from early 2017 really like
screen designs it took us like a few
years to to get
there uh but it is important there there
are two things that are happening are
like conflicting with each other there's
like a consolidation and Innovation
right and and it's it's important to
keep your eye on both right so we when
we started like some of the reasons
investors didn't want to invest right
they say oh there are like too many
sales tools there are like a 100 at the
time right it says that's not in
marketing 10,000 right so it's they're
not a lot said they're too few right the
macro pressure right now trying to see
like how can we save both from a seller
productivity can we have one or few apps
they're doing more and also save cost
which I think is a secondary
consideration obviously it's a good
opportunity for us but I think there's
so much Innovation out there it's we
have on that 2017 design still like
three more big apps ideas that we still
haven't started coding right it's a
motion that we consult what's there but
the eye is always keep innovating and
keep creating new categories that that
don't exist but it's a great opportunity
again if you have to think about how do
you expand and become something that's
like substantial to the customer not
just a feature otherwise over time
customers might try to standardize on
other things well one year ago today
Parker ker was here Rippling talking
about building everything from day one
yeah what's you're looking back on it
any learnings from that um not we can't
all do that it is it's a legit strategy
and it's working I know some companies
that have that have started building
something massive I don't have data but
it's an interesting question I think
that most of them have not succeeded now
this is a counter example A very good
one it's hard to the key to app
something is like you need really need
to nail it right you can well so much
stuff and come user it doesn't exactly
work it's not exactly you need a lot of
like fine-tuning ination right and our
approach which I think most it's not
unique like most companies you start
with one product like really narrow make
it really good and keep building from
that so one success follows another if
you nail it right we did learn that
we're now at a scale it's not just a
meet in a lawn hey why don't you add
this feature and tomorrow like our
customers are using it it's more it's
way more complicated difficult to get
like our sellers that they have a
product that they know how to sell and
they love and it's working well to get
them to sell new stuff right and to
equipment the material so the whole
expansion to multiproduct is a learning
now we're at our third product and we
see that it's actually getting better
we're still not great at it and you need
there's a good learning so you should
think about not just how to get the
product out but how is a company will
learn to do like product five and
product six and product 7 it's a
Playbook that you're developing it's not
easy I spoke with a lot of Founders like
before that to learn about the
experience it's it's a challenge for
most companies and I I should know this
but I don't I'll admit are you selling
them distinctly or they all bundled
primarily together both so there there's
a base layer but then the others are
addon and again it's learning we had one
product and then another and now we went
a little more did a more rationalization
and understanding how people really
think about it and had time to take a
pause and take a look back at how we
should we change our old packaging and
pricing model and we'll probably do it
again in year now I maybe I may have a I
may have a slightly dated view but when
you're when you start to have
multiproduct and compete with more
vendors but you you have a core that is
best of breed like for voice for others
I'm 99% sure even in 2024 gong is best
of breed others have the some base
functionality but I know they don't have
all the engineers and it's I know it's
not as good and I even if it were I know
s leaders believe it's best of breed
does the rest have to be best of breed
does it have to be checkbox does it just
have to be parody like you can't be best
a breed at everything when you're
competing now in five or six elements
that the category maybe you do what have
you learned when you have to be parody
versus who you are so at gong people
call us and and this customer say it's
the apple of sales so we have a brand
right that is a quality product designed
well and that's what we sell it's not
for everybody if some like the lowest
cost and they're successful company that
are a lowc cost operator it's it's a
legit model they could be like extremely
successful it quality is not the number
one for us it is launch engage which is
like a customer engagement solution like
in March 28 there already like 500
customer now which like it's it's it's
faster than the original gong way faster
and and definitely the the
forecasting the reason is because people
think okay gong is a quality product
they they don't have a test so we have a
reputation right if we don't deliver
we're toast right that's we have to make
sure that now you can't necessarily
compete to someone who's been something
like 10 years and come up with new
product that'll be better in every way
so you have to and that's also a
learning you have to communicate what it
does the same what it does better and
what it does less that you set the
expectation you're not we're not better
in every things but the few things that
we do have to have substantial advantage
and be compelling to at least some of
the customers you have to make sure you
don't sell to everybody because some
customers may not be like a good fit for
you right of the gate but whatever we
deliver has to be outstanding and create
the a high NPS score and you said Rel
that you said a couple minutes ago that
some of this convergence in platform and
is not primarily about cost savings it
is it's number two but it's not so
unpack that a little bit what's if it's
not to save money is it really just
vendor fatigue or simplification because
we've always had best of breed apps
since you and I started what did you
really mean by it's number two yes so
people call it the swivel chair if I
have a role let's say I'm a customer
support person what what which apps do
people like use okay my reporting is
this but my dollar is here and my
forecasting is here so that's it creates
some productivity loss for the people in
the front it creates like a big headache
for the people that are in like in their
operations or enablement or it which
personally I don't think it's like a
it's a strong enough reason to do this
but these are people that own the budget
so I can't argue with that doesn't
matter what I think right this is how
they feel oh I'm managing like 20 apps I
don't have time I'm going to three now
right or wrong it's it's a brutal
decision I do think that there's
something that people aren't thinking
about today because it's still out there
but again it's the AI Revolution people
still think it terms oh I'm going to
click here and click there that's
according to me right if I'm right is
going away because I'm going to say it's
all going to be like speech I'm just
going to talk we're going to have a
conversation the apps are going to run
in the background and AI will
orchestrate cre you can see something
like Microsoft compilot deser approach
there is no more like user interface
this is all chat GPT that so it doesn't
really matter there's still some
operational headache for people though
to manage Administration users all those
things but it's not huge I want to talk
I want to talk
about people and knowledge workers in
2024 but one last question on
convergence before we get there and
maybe this is less of a big deal given
the way that sales space is but
coopertition
as you expand your surface area Partners
become competitors as well it gets
confusing sometimes what's the meta
learnings about what you've learned in
how to handle this sort of coopertition
as you
expand first people ask oh now we have
like more competitors right when used to
we were like two companies right and now
they're like four or five or 20 if you
expend the circles I'm going to be happy
we have like hundreds right it means
that you have a category as long as the
Market expands right if you're fighting
with like 500 people who's going to
dominate like a small Hill that's a
problem cuz that's a zero SU game nobody
think so as long as the market expands
yeah let there be hundreds let a
thousand flowers Blossom and I know that
no matter what and they I always tell
the employees like every two years we
need to be a new company we almost have
to assume that our products are no
longer differentiated no longer matter
there'll be people that will copy
whatever we have are doing it successful
yeah it's not hard to develop software
today the question like what do you do
what are the ideas what resonates with
customers and always have to keep moving
and your competitors can help you if you
both educate the market sure you hate
them you want to strangle them you want
them to die right uh naturally that's a
Killer Instinct but they do help you
they do make you better and uh on CRM
there are hundreds of companies right
yeah if you look at the grid it's like
hundreds but yeah salesport is still
doing pretty well but for engage as
you're rolling this out for your sales
team when they're out selling it but
let's say a big customer wants to use
another vendor for engage but loves gong
and and there's also gray area in the
middle they're interested yes but is it
worth it and if you push me too hard to
go with engage I may the Apple may lose
a little bit of its polish because yeah
I'm with you but I don't want to break
how do you handle that tradeoff there uh
it's it's a natural tension but we try
and I hope that we do a good job to help
customer and do what's best for the
customer and that's the longer term
winning strategy if it's us that's great
if it's not then not but we do partner
with pretty much everybody gong
integrates with oh yeah no you do you're
integrating with them all too I
integrate I speak with the CEOs of all
my competitors where we have dinners and
lunches and we know each other they're
good people they're not evil right but
how do you manage the sales team how do
you get folks cuz they've got a national
tension to maybe push it even further
than they they push but hopefully as
much as needed but not an inch more
that's why you hire great Sal sales
people that you got to listen to their
calls I I don't need to I'll hear from
customer I I I it's not since as far as
I know and I'm I think I'm pretty
knowledgeable about this it's an
nonissue you just hire the right
material you repeat to them they can
hear my conversation with customers they
know how I look at it so they can learn
last one I want to talk about some of
the stuff we've talked about is like
what fills my LinkedIn feed the other
one that fills it is a lot of folks in
sales I don't want to say complaining
but I mean complaining stating observing
how much harder sales it is today how
much more work it is in the opener even
Mark benof said they need 3x pipeline
coverage Now versus 2x 18 months ago we
just said that last week which was
interesting you and I talked about you
brought in a new cro to help manage some
of this change what did you learn what
have you learned from this just being a
harder how do you look the people side
of a harder environment it is harder
especially for for most companies but
definitely SAS companies but it goes
because people just bought right people
just called you hey i' like a hundred I
think next year we're going to double so
I'm going to buy a couple hundred seeds
and you bought it you didn't have to be
good I think we're like pretty good like
in our people but not necessarily the
most didn't have like the rigor or put
the leg work or build like a Roi people
said oh yeah we need that right now
there are more approvals in a cycle the
CFO would interested why should I spend
money on this so every dollar is like a
actually the numb we see orders with 37
seats right odd numbers right not 50
right 37 oh these people are not using
it actually make it like 33 right so
people are very precise when they renew
odd numbers that people just buy exactly
what they need when they need so it is
harder but it's not a bad thing it just
keeps it real we did have we brought a
new C that told everybody that we had
new people we had people have been like
in the crazy postco grow like uh every
uh everybody we're going to need to work
harder I'm responsible making you sure
you all succeed but you need to put in
the work we like Weekly
kpis right in the very how much
activities what needs to happen every
deal we track if you know what the medic
is like every deal and some people saw
it as an opportunity some people don't
love it and says if you don't we we will
not work together but we're seeing the
results like it is uh it is working and
it is what it is got it so he a new Sero
brought in this additional level of
accountability for the team in tougher
times and some folks didn't want to be
in it some some folks moved on and
that's just that's the the reality right
but it was a minority right like most
people saw it maybe didn't love it but
now they're that they're hitting their
numbers and they see the results and you
make it fun right we a a lot of the
competition we just said last week there
was like a shark tank we do two weeks of
just building
pipeline Salesforce by the way doesn't
need 3x more pipeline need better
conversion just advice to Mark probably
but like throwing more you just do
better work like it's selling I of
course I he I think he was trying to
simplify but it was inter he got on the
analyst call and he interrupted and he
said we need 3x now and every part of my
sales org knows it's 3x not 2x but sure
converting better would help as well
right yeah all right last thing I want
to come to before we run out of time
even though we already hit it I think
it's so important the 37 seats the
changes into next year 2025 is it going
to be is it getting a little bit easier
in this core B Tob Tob what is your what
are you seeing for next year what are
you seeing for yes we're definitely
feeling it we're seeing customers that
buying and are growing if they're adding
seats that's always like a good we
measure like how many companies add
seats right so that's that's a very good
and we also look at the cohorts like
when they bought so far and again we
live in a very volatile wealth I'll be
cautious there there are a lot of things
that are happening that with mix
conflicting forces but overall we think
that we're seeing growth in our numbers
and our customers signals and as
Founders OB there always like a good
amount of optimism right he always but
it's hard to predict exactly how long
this will take right but one thing for
sure like in it's just a matter of time
until the market bounces back the AI is
a massive opportunity will F will fuel a
tremendous growth for many companies
yeah it's just the weird every little
glitch or downturn we've been through
they're they're all similar but
different right and I think for me it's
just the length of some of these
challenges that is 2021 was also we
hadn't seen this right but the length if
you're in an impacted category we're
coming into a third year of challenging
times that's different isn't it yes yes
if you look at the do com bust right
that was like a few good years it was
like it took a few years for the market
to to fully fully bounce but that would
separated the real businesses there are
like companies like pets.com toys.com
and there companies like amazon.com and
Netflix right that that were real
companies and they're re accelerated
these are trying times but you can make
it all right last question we've just
got two minutes but what's on the road
map for gong for the next 6 12 18 months
that you're most excited about what's
coming that gets you most excited as
CEO I think we're actually within a a a
Striking Distance of our remember our
founding vision of an autonomous system
for customer management that does most
of the work that people do you might not
need and again these are all technically
extremely challenging work that we're
taking on not need to update your CRM at
all right if you just the system already
understand it getting get your yeah
nobody's going to miss that um people
does your prediction well tell you and
will guide engage customers on your own
today I'm actually using it I don't
write customer emails
anymore the Gen is good and I have a
unique voice so usually in the past when
I use it you say Ah that's not good I
have I to write it or have my EA draft
something now I just it's 90% I just hit
it and the system will start
communicating with customer on its own
that's that's very exciting the real
time interaction the ability to just
tell the system I Ed the mobile app
anymore say hey what's happening with
this account I was like in Chicago at a
conference a couple weeks ago and I
bumped into a customer that I didn't
know who she was or actually a
substantial customer and I was
embarrassed and I invited her to Coffee
the morning after I said hey gong I'm
meeting Brandy for coffee tomorrow tell
me what I need to know and he created a
brief for me I didn't have to call the
poor rap in California and scare the
hell out of them and or talk to anybody
nobody did anything and I knew pretty
much everything I need to De that's a
pretty exciting Future Let's see the
company was founded when 2016 2015 201
okay so only eight years to complete the
1.0 initial Vision that's not bad right
we're I used to say I usually say we're
like a 10% of our vision maybe now we're
at 20% 20% all right well good let's
break with that this was so great thank
you for coming one of our hero companies
dong thank you very much